Update kubernetes-config-logs.rst (#863)
splunk/public-o11y-docs: gdi/opentelemetry/kubernetes-config-logs.rst

The following are known limitations of native OpenTelemetry logs collection:

> * With previous versions of the Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector, the ``service.name`` attribute was not automatically constructed in an Istio environment, which meant that correlation between logs and traces did not work in Splunk Observability Cloud. This was resolved with v0.80.0 of the Splunk OpenTelemetry collector <https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart/releases/tag/splunk-otel-collector-0.80.0>. If upgrading the collector to v0.80.0 or above is not possible, use Fluentd for logs collection if you deploy the Helm chart with ``autodetect.istio=true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must use version 0.80.0 of the Splunk OpenTelemetry collector <https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart/releases/tag/splunk-otel-collector-0.80.0>  to correlate logs and traces in Istio environments. If you are unable to upgrade the collector to version 0.80.0 or higher, use Fluentd for logs collection and deploy the Helm chart with ``autodetect.istio=true``.
```
